　Thane, now the party leader and hero, announces:



"Sorry, but you're fired as of today."

"Why not? We've been together all this time."



　Thane and I are childhood friends.

　We've come this far by supporting each other ever since we left our hometown.

　It's not just him, the other three are the same.



　Ney the martial artist.

　Soara the priest.

　Lisa the Witch.



　The five of us are in this S-rank party. "White Fang" was a reality.

　

　It's true that I've felt like a burden lately.

　It is true that their abilities have not kept up with the rapid growth of the four.



　But it was too sudden.



"You know that yourself, Thor."

"There's still a lot of room for improvement. You've been chosen as the hero, and now it's time to decide whether or not you'll appear on the big stage. Please take me along as a warrior."

"That's why. The first time is crucial to debut as a hero. You have to achieve spectacular results. Please understand, I'd be sad if you, my best friend, died. Please understand how I feel."



　Considering that, the words seem light.

　Why is that?

　These were the words of a close friend whom I cared deeply for.



　I turn my attention to my girlfriend, Lisa.



　I'm sure she'll keep me.



"I think Thane is right. Thor can't stay at this party anymore. He'll probably die soon. That's how far apart they are."

"Lisa...?"



　I never expected her to say something like that.

　What bothered me more was that for some reason she wouldn't make eye contact with me.



　Suddenly, my eyes fell on her right hand.



　There was a ring on her ring finger that I didn't recognize.

　That's strange, the ring I gave you has always been there.



　Lisa notices someone looking at her and quickly hides her right hand.



　I turn my attention to the other three.

　They all wore the same ring.

　

　I felt dizzy as I realized the hidden background.



　So that's what it means... that I was in the way.



　My best friend seduced my beloved girlfriend.



　But when did this happen?　

　Have they been in a relationship for a long time without realizing it?



　I don't know, I feel like I have a vague idea, but it could just be my imagination.

　Either way, there was no place for me here anymore.



"Now that's clear, you can just go back to the village and cheer us on."

"You bastard!"



　In his anger, he punches Thane in the face.

　Even though I knew I shouldn't raise my hand, I couldn't help it.



　He knew Lisa and I were engaged to be married and he still did this.



　Above all, I was disgusted by my own bottomless kindness.

　I blame myself for not being able to see the true nature of the person I believed to be my best friend.



　Thane smiles, the corners of his mouth turning up sharply.



　They are laughing at me for being so ridiculous.

　He was excellent at everything he did, good-looking, strong, and on top of that, he was chosen as the hero.

　

　Even though I was the one who hit him, I was devastated by defeat.



"Stop it! That's disgusting!"

"I'm sorry, Thor!"

"You're trash!"



　The three childhood friends all came to his defense.



　That strong-willed and kind Lisa was glaring at me.

　That alone makes my heart ache.



"I'm giving this back! Get lost somewhere!"

"!?"



　Lisa threw the ring I gave her.

　The ring hits his chest and rolls across the table.



　The customers in the bar all turned their attention to us.



"...Please forgive him, Lisa. Even Thor is confused by this sudden event."

"Y-you're right. I'm sorry too. Thor."



　I'm speechless. I was totally the bad guy.

　What's more, Lisa doesn't seem to feel any guilt about betraying him.

　The days when we loved each other so much are quickly fading.



　Enough already, enough already.

　I don't want to have anything to do with you guys anymore.



　Fine, I'm out. This party.



"Thank you for taking care of me until now. I hope all four of you are doing well."

"It looks like you've made up your mind."

"Yeah, save the world at your best. See you then."



　I grabbed the ring and left the bar.



　Farewell to my former friends and lovers.





　◇





　Leave the town and follow the road across the grassland.

　I hadn't decided where I was going. I just wanted to get away from them as soon as possible.



　I'm a total loser...



　He spreads his right hand and looks at the ring.

　

　She was so happy when I gave it to her.

　She even nodded to my proposal.



　I gritted my teeth, feeling like I was about to cry.



"We're going down a new path now, and this isn't needed there."



　He stopped, swung it over his shoulder, and threw it onto the grass.



　I feel so frustrated I want to kill Thane right now.

　But I won't do that because even that shitty guy was my best friend.

　Besides, killing her wouldn't bring Lisa back.



"Woooooooooooooooo! Shit, shit, shit, fuck you!"



　He sits down and slams his fist into the ground.

　Emotions that I couldn't process swirled around and confused my thoughts.



　I don't usually do things like this. Even the mild-mannered me couldn't bear the pain.



　My heart is screaming in pain that feels like it's tearing my body apart.



　What was wrong with me and what was good about him?

　What was I to her?

　What was going through her mind when she slept with him?

　I wonder how he can betray me and remain so calm.



　There is no one to answer the questions that arise.



　I punched him until my fists bled and then I finally calmed down.



　This should help you sort out your feelings a little.

　Of course, that doesn't change the sadness.



"Let's think about the future first."



　For now, let's go to a neighboring country and start afresh.

　If I stay in this country, there's a good chance I'll run into Thane and the others.



　Open the status to check.



　Lv 20

　Name: Thor Eiben

　Age: 25

　Gender: Male

　Race: Human

　Job Warrior



　skill　

　Damage Reduction [Lv2]　

　Physical Strengthening [Lv3]　

　Experience Savings [Lv9]　　

　Magical Energy Savings【Lv9】

　Skill Experience Savings [Lv9]

　Job Savings [Lv8]

　Skill Savings [Lv8]

　Skill Effect UP【Lv10】





　I know it’s not a big status.

　Although there are many skills, they are all useless.



　At best, the only things you can use are damage reduction, physical strengthening, and skill effect up.



　These mysterious savings skills -- that's what I'm calling them -- are all useless.

　

　Even when we ask skill experts, the usage method is unknown, and on top of that, its abilities are also unknown, and it is unclear whether it is an automatic activation skill or a self-activation skill. Unknown, unknown, unknown, a completely unknown skill.



　If I had strong skills like Thane, maybe things wouldn't have turned out like that.



　Well, compared to that guy who is a hero, my status is like garbage.

　It's frustrating, but the fact is that I'm a hindrance.



　...All three of them are in their 40s. And Thane is in his 60s.



　It's completely normal for a guy in his twenties like me to be treated like a burden.



"Gah! Grrrr!"



　The demonic Black Hound appeared before me.

　I feel bad for this guy, but I guess I'll have to help him relieve stress.



　He unsheathes the great sword on his back and takes a stance.



"Deliaaah!"

"Kyaun"



　In an instant, the monster was cut down and lay on the ground.



　They were a very troublesome enemy when we first left the village, but now they are no longer even a factor in our numbers.



　Crack. Crack, crack, crack.



　I heard a sound like glass breaking inside me.



《Report: Your experience savings have reached the upper limit, so you will be paid 100 times the amount》

《Report: Due to the effect of increasing skill effect, the payment has increased tenfold》

《Report: Level has reached 300》

《Report: The current species is unable to maintain a physical body. Reconstructing the body》

《Report: Body reconstitution complete. Race has become dragon-man》



　Text flows before my eyes.



　Am I... no longer a human?