　He was stunned, still clutching the great sword.

　It was so sudden that I couldn't comprehend it.



"Level 300... you've got to be kidding me."



　As far as I know, level 100 is considered a hero.

　I can't even imagine what 300 would be like.



《Report: Experience points storage has been damaged. It will take some time to repair.》



　I was startled by the words that appeared in my field of vision.



　Right, let's check the status.





　Lv. 300

　Name: Thor Eiben

　Age: 25

　Gender: Male

　Race: Dragonman

　Job Warrior



　skill　

　Damage Reduction [Lv2]　

　Physical Strengthening [Lv3]　

　Experience Savings [Repair in progress]　　

　Magical Energy Savings【Lv9】

　Skill Experience Savings [Lv9]

　Job Savings [Lv8]

　Skill Savings [Lv8]

　Skill Effect UP【Lv10】





　They've really leveled up.

　The numbers I'd never seen before gave me a headache.



　Calm down, stay calm.

　Even a stupid guy like me should be able to figure it out from these events.



　Savings--This word is used when saving up something.



　So that skill has been stealing experience points from me all this time?



　And then finally the skill broke and all the contents were refunded to me.

　Plus, with the incredible bonus of doubling it all.



"So, most of the experience points I should have gained were stolen by skills. So I would have ended up in the Level 40s just like those guys."



　Damn, that's a parasitic skill.



　Once you understand it, everything makes sense.



　I continued to fight through life-or-death situations more than anyone else at the party.

　But I thought it was strange that my level was lower than the other four.



　So all the blood-soaked efforts he'd been making behind the scenes to try and catch up with the other four were being held back by his experience point accumulation skill?



"Haha, hahahaha! Hahahahahaha!!"



　It doesn't matter now that I've cut ties with them.

　In fact, I felt relieved to know this before leaving.



　Okay, I've decided. I'm going to travel the world from now on.



　With a level of 300, there's nothing to be afraid of no matter where you go.



　From now on I'm going to do what I love and live how I want.



　Maybe something could fill this gaping hole in my heart.



"But to do that, we must first make some preparations in the neighboring countries. There must be many things we need for a long journey."



　Put the sword on your back.

　I began to walk leisurely down the road.





　◇





　They leave the country of Barseille and enter the neighboring country of Armand.

　And then they arrived at the border town of Livio.



"As expected of Armand, even the borderlands are lively."



　My eye is drawn to the large number of people passing by.



　There were also food stalls set up and the delicious aromas whetted my appetite.



　Suddenly, a store sign came into view.



"Livio Slave Shop"



　Slave shops were not uncommon.



　In fact, I almost hate it.



　A store I would normally ignore.



　However, having just been betrayed, there was something about him that attracted me.



　A slave cannot betray his master by contract.

　If you give an order, you can't even lie.

　Someone who will always be by my side.



　The faces of the four men flashed through my mind.



　That alone made my blood boil.



　I clench my fists and suppress my anger.



"Right now I need a friend I can trust. A right-hand man who will keep this abnormal status a secret and who will never betray me. If things continue like this, I'm afraid I'll end up losing faith in people."



　Having been betrayed by my best friend, my lover, and my childhood friends, I now have practically no place to rely on.



　To maintain peace of mind, you need reliable companions with solid foundations.



　Strength is irrelevant. I just want to feel safe.

　I really want to believe that there is still something in this world to believe in.



　I take the plunge and open the door to the store.



　Ding! The bell rang and I immediately saw the counter.



　An old man dressed in men's clothing, likely the store owner, is smiling.



"Welcome. How can I help you today?"

"I want a slave to take with me to battle."

"What is the gender? What other uses?"

"I haven't decided yet."



　The old gentleman nodded deeply and led the way to the back of the store.



　There were countless cages placed in the dimly lit area.

　Among them were strong men and women, and even elves and lizardmen, which are not seen around here.



"If you're looking for combat, I recommend this Lizardman. His tough outer skin will repel blades, and he has a strong sense of duty and loyalty. He's the perfect person to have your back on the battlefield."

"How much?"

"Thirty million?"

"Show me the others."



　The budget is only 1.5 million yen.

　There's no way I could do it.



　"Well then," he said, reaching into the cage and lifting the elf's chin with his finger.



"This elf is inexperienced in combat, but I'm sure he will be a satisfying companion for the night. He has a lot of magical power, so if you train him as a wizard, he will be useful as a long-distance expert."

"What is the price?"

"Twenty-five million."



　It's still expensive. Maybe I came here too early.

　I should have at least checked the going rate for slaves before coming.



　The old gentleman narrows his eyes.



"May I ask your budget?"

"One hundred and fifty thousand."

"Hmm, in that case the quality will be significantly lower, but I'll offer it to you for a million."

"thank you"



　Where the curtains at the back are drawn.

　There he led me.



"Ugh."



　A strong, foul stench that stings the nose.

　It's the smell that comes from feces, urine, sweat, etc.



　There were countless small cages.



　Inside were various beasts, large and small, as well as a human child.



"Most of the people here are under a million."

"Why is it so cheap?"

"They are weak, ugly, sick, have bad personalities, have yet to be trained, there are many reasons. However, there is no use for them now, and there is a good chance that they will turn into something special in the future."



　I feel sick of slave traders who talk about people like they're objects.



　But maybe I'm the same, trying to buy it.



　He looks around, searching for a slave that catches his interest.



"yeah?"



　A small cage in the corner of the room.

　There was a girl with dirty white hair.



　Get closer and observe.



　The girl is thin and out of breath.

　Her long bangs cover her eyes, making it difficult to see her expression.



　Dressed in rags, he looks so shabby that one hesitates to look at him directly.



　Lying down, the girl peered at me with vacant eyes through the gaps in her hair.



"H-300?!"



　He becomes convinced when he sees her run to the corner of the cage.

　This girl can see my status.



　Perhaps... he possesses the rare skill Appraisal?



　That's the only thing I can think of.

　When you look at me, the number 300 doesn't normally come up.



"How much is this baby?"

"One hundred and ten thousand."

"Isn't that too cheap?"

"No, no, this is the right price. After all, she is a very sickly slave who is useless no matter how you boil or roast her."



　The girl coughed violently.

　As he said, he seems to be in pretty bad shape.



　No matter how rare a skill they have, if they're this weak, it's probably inevitable that they'll be priced so low.

　Or perhaps the slave trader doesn't realize that he has appraisal.

　Surely that's not the case. If you think about it normally, you would ask a professional to look into it.



"What's your name?"

"…………"

"Hey, answer the customer!"



　The slaver tapped the cage with his staff.



"It's Kaede... cough cough!"



　Maple. Sounds nice.



　And there was something about this child that just clicked with me.

　I can't explain what it was specifically that attracted me to her, but I just knew she was the right girl.



"I'll buy this baby."

"Thank you for your purchase!"



　The slave trader bowed deeply with a big smile.



"After we receive your payment, we will ask you to enter into a master-servant contract."

"I have one question: is it necessary to make my status public?"

"No, no, that's not the case. You'll just need to drip a little blood."

"Okay then."



　I was relieved to find out I didn't have to reveal my level.

　He's probably pretty tight-lipped professionally, but he probably wouldn't want anyone to know if he could.



　Kaede looked at me with anxious eyes.