　The master-servant contract ended in about 30 minutes.



　All I have to do is dip the tip of a specially made needle in special ink containing my blood and lightly prick the area where the heart should be.

　Just by doing that, a black pattern will appear and the contract will be completed.



　The maple tree they received was so weak that it was barely able to walk on its own.



　I picked her up and left the store.



　At the entrance, I received some advice from the slave trader.



"If you can get a prescription from the apothecary, your stamina will recover a little. However, this person's illness is quite serious. To fully cure him, you'll need an elixir made from dragon's heart."

"Would a wyvern's heart work?"

"No, by dragons I mean normal species. It probably won't work on subspecies."

"I see, thank you for letting me know."



　The slave trader sent me off with a smile, saying, "No, no, please come again next time."



　On the way to the inn, I began to feel uneasy about how light the girl I was carrying was.



　I bought it on impulse, but now I have no idea what to do with it.

　Why did you make her a girl? If you were going to take her on an adventure, you should have made her a boy.



　But I couldn't leave this child alone.



　Maybe it's because I thought they were the same as me.



　That weak and exhausted appearance was exactly how I felt right now.

　So I thought I wanted to help.

　I wanted to show him that there are still people in this world worth trusting.



　It's silly but that's probably the reason.



　It's true that I was intuitively drawn to it.

　It seemed odd that I should have it on hand.



"Cough cough!"

"Are you okay?"

"……yes"



　Should I go to the pharmacy before heading to the inn?



　I asked people for directions while searching for the pharmacy.









"This is a fairly rare disease that affects the Beast tribe."



　The doctor muttered as he looked inside the girl's mouth.

　That statement created a question mark in my head.



"Isn't this guy human?"

"It's not surprising that she has neither ears nor a tail, but this girl is definitely a Beast. Look, her pupils are vertical. There is also a slight bulge around her waist that looks like a tail."



　Now that you mention it, that's true.

　If so, does that mean his basic physical abilities are high?



　This is an unexpected development.



"How can I cure this disease?"

"Just like the slave trader said, we need an elixir. However, it's ridiculously expensive to buy, and it's difficult to slay a proper dragon unless you're a hero."

"Can medicine be made if there is a heart?"

"Of course I can, but... you know."



　The doctor looked like he wanted to say something, but quickly shut his mouth.



　I guess he realized it was useless to stop him.

　I believe that once I make a decision, I will always see it through.

　Fortunately, I have the power now. There's no need to hesitate.



"I, I... cough cough!"



　I stroked her head.



"Don't worry. I'll cure you right away."

"…………"



　She was breathing heavily and staring at me through the gaps in her bangs.



　They must be feeling anxious because they don't know what kind of person the person who bought them is, or what purpose they serve in helping them.



"I need you to get healthy first so that you can work hard from now on. Or is it strange for a master to take care of a slave?"



　Kaede shook her head.

　She's a good and honest girl. We need to build a relationship of trust to make her our friend.



"I'll give you some cough medicine and fever medicine, come back when you run out of medicine."

"Thanks, old man."

"Who's the old man? I'm still in my thirties."



　The doctor hit me over the head.





　◇





　The forest closest to the city.

　I heard that a true dragon made its home here.



　We've been walking through the forest for about three hours now.



　I wasn't tired yet, but seeing the same scenery over and over was beginning to make me mentally exhausted.



"They said we'd find it if we walked towards the mountain, but where is that dragon?"



　Pushing through the grass.



　Occasionally he sees goblins and orcs, but when he glares at them they quickly run away.



　I wonder if it's sensing danger with some kind of wild instinct.

　It still feels weird.



"GROOOOOOOHHH!!"



　A roar that shook the forest.

　It was definitely the voice of a dragon.



　Now tension finally began to set in.



　A true dragon is a monster I've never seen or fought before.



　Normally, subjugation is carried out by the military with meticulous planning.

　Or perhaps it's a feat that a hero class party could pull off.



　Can I really defeat it on my own?



　The image of Kaede flashes through my mind.



　I'm sure that child believes in me and is waiting for me.

　I'm not like them. I don't abandon my friends that easily.

　He would never betray his feelings.



　The forest ended and we came out into an open area.



　A bright red dragon lies in a hole in the rock face of a steep mountain.



　A red dragon, relatively low ranking among the orthodox dragon species.



　Even so, they still boast superior strength among the lower-ranked teams.



"Hey, dragon! Fight me!"

"Ground?"



　The red dragon slightly opens one eye and glances at me.

　He quickly stood up and glared at him with sharp eyes.



　And it's big...it's definitely at least ten meters.



　But there's no turning back now.

　I decided to do it.



　He unsheathes the great sword on his back and takes a stance.



　The dragon on the other hand also spread its wings wide and stood upright on two legs.



　It also feels even bigger.



　Oh well!



　He rushes forward with force and slashes the dragon diagonally.

　Immediately afterwards, a powerful shock wave was generated, shaking the earth and the forest.



　Slip.



　The dragon's body was cut diagonally and fell to the ground.



"……Just one hit?"



　I can't believe in my own strength.

　Because it's that dragon.

　He's a monster that can easily turn a city into a sea of ​​fire.



　Wow, level 300 is scary.



　This is not a power that can be wielded lightly.



　He suddenly came to his senses and ran over to the corpse.



"Ugh, it's all sticky with blood."



　He pushes aside the organs and extracts what appears to be heart.

　We then decided to cut out any organs that might be useful and take them home.



　By the way, what does dragon meat taste like?



　Being interested, I cut up some of the fatty meat and took it home.



　This should help that child too.

　Let's hurry to the doctor.







"Did you really hunt them?"



　The doctor was so startled that he fell off his chair.

　It's no wonder you're surprised.

　We talked today and hunted today.



"I also brought back livers and other things, so please feel free to use them if you think they can be used."

"So much precious material!"

"I'll give you the rest."

"What?!"



　It's something I don't need.

　As long as I can get the medicine, that's fine.



　The doctor immediately began compounding the potion and soon completed the elixir.



　He then forces a large sum of money on me, saying it's for the materials.



　The amount is approximately 30 million yen.

　Instead of paying for the medicine, he ended up making a profit.



　I take the medicine and return to the inn where Kaede is resting.



"Drink this and you'll feel better."

"For my sake..."

"Can I drink it?"



　She nodded and took the medicine.



　It won't work in one go, so I'll have to have him take it regularly from now on.



　Kaede's complexion seemed to have improved.

　Today it's bread and porridge, but from tomorrow I think I'll be able to give him a more proper meal.



　She begins to sleep with a gentle breath.



　His stiff expression seemed to soften, and I felt relieved to see that.



　However, he was frightened by the power, which was greater than he had imagined.

　One hit on a Red Dragon is pretty abnormal.



　I'm afraid that if I don't fight carefully from now on, I'll get into a lot of trouble.



　That's right, it might be a good idea to train Kaede in combat and have her fight in our place.



　For that to happen, I need him to get better soon.



　Snap.



　I felt like I heard a familiar, ominous sound echoing inside me.