　When I wake up, I notice something warm and soft in my futon.

　I turned it over and saw Kaede sleeping curled up next to me.



"Why are you sleeping here?"



　I don't think there's any need to bother sleeping in the same futon.

　Or maybe he came in because it was cold. That would make sense.



　Leaving Kaede there, I got off the bed.



"Hmm, what a nice morning. I need to make sure this guy eats properly starting today."



　I stretch and look at the maple leaves.

　His body is still thin and unreliable.



　The collars, a sign of slavery, also appear to be different sizes.



　Oh, that's right, I brought back some dragon meat.

　Since I'm here anyway, I might as well have that for breakfast.



　Leave the room and go down to the first floor.



　This inn also runs a restaurant, so I show up with some meat.



"Could you please cook this meat properly? I'll pay you."

"What kind of meat is this? At first glance it looks like pork, but on closer inspection it's not."

"Red dragon meat."

"Huh!?"



　The chef will be in charge of cooking the meat.

　However, his surprise when he realised it was dragon meat was amusing.



　Take a seat and wait for a while.



"Here you go, dragon steak. I also minced it and made some hamburger steaks."

"thank you"



　Steak, salad, and hamburger are placed on the table.

　I'll let Kaede eat the hamburger steak.



　Insert knife into steak.



　Oh, it's surprisingly soft.

　It certainly looks like pork.



　When I put it in my mouth, the texture was more like chicken than pork.



　And the chicken is well-fed with fat.

　Oh my goodness, it's so delicious.

　I feel like I can only see dragons as food now.



　After filling my stomach, I returned to my room.



"Ah, master..."



　Kaede was already awake, but still lying in my bed.



"That's an awkward name. But never mind. You must be hungry. I've had dinner made for you so you should eat well."

"it is?"

"Dragon hamburger."

"Gulp."



　Perhaps the medicine is working, as he speaks clearly.

　I was relieved to see that he was no longer coughing and seemed to be on the road to recovery.



　Kaede got out of bed, sat down in a chair, and began to eat neatly with a knife and fork.



　Oh? I thought he didn't know anything because he was a slave, but does this guy really have some education?



　Although she looks shabby, her manners are beautiful.



　However, after a while, the eating becomes rough and turbulent.



　He must have been really hungry.

　You don't have to try and look cool.



"However, if you don't do something about that outfit, it might be bad."

"Mugh?!"



　He coughs loudly.

　Kaede's face turned red and she looked embarrassed.



"I'm sorry I look like this..."

"There's no need to apologize. It's the slave trader's fault for not treating you properly."

"Master."



　Kaede's eyes begin to water.

　Eat quickly, you have sauce on the corner of your mouth.



　After I finish my meal, I get ready to go out.



"I, I'll come along too."

"You're still staggering around."

"But I need to practice walking."

"...That's true."



　If he gives up halfway through, I'll just have to carry him.

　Besides, I've never bought women's clothes, so I don't know the details.



　We leave the inn together and go into town.



　First up is a clothing store.

　So Kaede bought some pretty decent looking adventurer clothes.



　Next is the shoe store.

　Buy leather boots.



　Next is the weapon shop.

　There, Kaede buys some leather armor, a knife, and a walking stick.

　However, that wand is quite special.



"Are you sure you want that wand?"

"please"

"Are you that stubborn?"



　The wand she chose was a very unusual fan shape.



　The material is alloy, commonly known as an iron fan.



　According to the store owner, fan-shaped walking sticks are only used in a few areas.

　He said he happened to see it in the market and bought it out of curiosity.



　However, iron fans are too large and heavy for children to handle.



　Kaede opened the fan with her slender arms and showed how to handle it with ease.



"Isn't it heavy?"

"Still a little... but I think it'll be okay once he gets better."



　If you think about it, Kaede is a beast tribe with great physical abilities.

　Although it is weakened now, originally it should have been possible to easily control it.



　If that doesn't work, you can just switch weapons.



　We leave the store and wander around together.

　I think I bought what I needed to buy, but... was there anything else?



　Suddenly, I realized that Kaede hadn't come along.



　I turned around and saw him stop in front of a food stall.



"Do you want to eat?"

"no"

"Don't be shy. I'm doing well these days."

"Um, I want to eat it."



　She said it so shyly that I couldn't help but pat her on the head.

　Kaede's face fell and she blushed.



　The stall sold baked sweet dough pastries.



　I've eaten there before too.

　I'm pretty sure it was Lisa who asked me to do it.



　When I try to remember, a deep, heavy feeling of sadness and emptiness comes over me.



　Why was I betrayed? Why?



　Realizing that I can't go any further, I quickly regain my consciousness.

　No matter how much I think about it, I can't understand their feelings.

　And then it's all over.



　I bought some sweets and sat down on a random bench.



"Here you go, eat as much as you like."

"Thank you, master."

"Can't you stop calling me that?"

"But my master is my master."



　Kaede looks troubled.



　I guess it can't be helped since they're slaves.

　That's probably what he was taught.



"Master... do you dislike such a troublesome and expensive slave? Are you thinking of throwing him away?"

"What are you talking about?"



　Kaede lowered her face and tears started streaming down her face.



　Is that what you were thinking about while you were shopping?

　It's hard not to be shocked, but that just shows how hard her days as a slave must have been.



　I pat his head to reassure him.



"There's no way I'd abandon you. I want you to be by my side and support me until I die. I may be a poor master, but I'll be counting on you."

"No, Master is the best master! I'll do anything for you! So please let me stay by your side forever!"

"Oh, oh..."



　I'm embarrassed, but somehow happy.

　Maybe we've built a little bit of trust.



　The sweets you put in your mouth taste sweeter.



"Yeah, you need to get a haircut. You can't see very well with those bangs."

"I think if I had scissors I could cut it myself."

"Then I'll buy it on the way home--huh?"



　Crack. Crack, crack, crack.



　A familiar sound resonated from within me.



《Report: Your magical savings level has reached its upper limit, so you will be paid 100 times the amount》

《Report: Due to the effect of increasing skill effect, the payment has increased tenfold》

《Report: The skill experience savings level has reached the upper limit, so 100 times the amount will be paid out》

《Report: Due to the effect of increasing skill effect, the payment has increased tenfold》

《Report: Magical energy savings and skill experience savings have been damaged. Repairs will take some time.》



《Report: The skill level limit has been destroyed. A new limit will be set》

《Report: A new skill [Experience Points Doubled - All] has been acquired》

《Report: A new skill 【Magical Lending】 has been acquired》



　It seems the skill broke again and I got a refund.

　The words flow rapidly into my field of vision.



　The amount of magical power coursing through his body had increased incredibly.



　Unable to contain his magical power, it seeps out slightly from his body.

　The surface of my body distorted like a heat haze.



　Just how much magical power did I obtain?



　It's scary just to think about it.



"Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh."



　It's bad. Kaede is scared.



　I hear that those who are sensitive to magical power can tell the quality and quantity.

　I'm sure she sees me as a monster.



　I desperately tried to hold it in and somehow the magic power stopped leaking.



"Sorry for startling you. My magic power has increased due to the effect of the skill."

"…………"

"A-Are you okay?"

"Your master was a truly amazing man."



　Kaede's expression changed and her eyes lit up.



　Is it amazing...?