First of all, I checked the status.

　I hope something weird doesn't happen again.





　Lv. 300

　Name: Thor Eiben

　Age: 25

　Gender: Male

　Race: Dragonman

　Job Warrior



　skill　

　Damage Reduction [Lv50]　

　Physical Strengthening [Lv50]　

　Experience Savings [Repair in progress]　　

　Magical Energy Savings [Under Repair]

　Skill EXP Savings [Repairing]

　Job Savings【Lv49】

　Skill Savings [Lv48]

　Skill Effect UP【Lv50】

　Double EXP - All【Lv50】

　Magical Power Lending [Lv50]





　Hey, what is this?

　The skill level has risen tremendously.



　Normally you'd hit a plateau at level 10.



　Maybe this means the limit has been broken?



　I broke out into a cold sweat.

　There are still two savings-related skills remaining.

　What would really happen if they were released?



　It's finally getting to the point where I can no longer use my strength properly.



"You look pale. Are you okay?"

"Oh, yeah, it's fine. I just got really scared."



　So, for now, let's do what we can for Kaede.

　I guess I had to buy some scissors.



　The two of them stand on the bench.



"Is there anything else you want?"

"Nothing..."

"There is, right? Tell me."

"I was hoping to get some soap."



　Well, I'll buy it for as much as you want.

　Come to think of it, that inn had a bathroom with hot water.



　While I'm at it, I might as well thoroughly clean this thing.



　On the way back, I bought scissors and soap and returned to the inn.





　◇





　Our room is equipped with a shower room.

　We got the best double room, so it seems to have the best facilities.



　And in front of me was Kaede, who refused to take off her clothes.



"Um, are you sure you want to join us?"

"Of course. I don't have any sexual inclinations towards a child's body."

"Child....ugh."

"Why do you look like you're about to cry?"



　She bites her lower lip and holds back tears.



　I don't know. I have no idea what a woman feels.

　Did he blurt out something strange?



　Tilting my head inwardly, I quickly took off my clothes.



"Whaaat?!"



　This time she covered her eyes with both hands and her face turned red.

　However, he keeps glancing at me through the gaps between his fingers.



　Hmm, maybe it's a delicate age.



　Reluctantly, she turned around and began to undress, carefully covering herself with a towel before coming into the bathroom.



"Sit here. I'll wash your head first."

"I can't let my master do that."

"Just sit down. That's an order."

"……yes"



　He sat obediently with his back turned.

　Its back was white and shiny.



　Hmm, I said I don't have any desire for children, but when I see one in front of me, I can't help but get a little startled.



　Kaede is a girl after all.



　Wet your head in the shower and lather it with soap.

　Her dull hair was being cleaned of dirt and regaining its luster.



　Once you're done with your head, wash your back.



　Suddenly, my eyes caught around her waist.

　You can see what looks like a white ball of fur growing there.



　Is this the tail? It looks like a rabbit's tail, but I'm not sure.



"What tribe does Kaede belong to?"

"I'm... a fox."



　A fox, I've never seen one, but I know they exist.

　But I seem to remember hearing that golden fur is common among the fox tribe.



"Hyaun!"

"bad!"



　Apparently she was unconsciously washing her chest area.

　I quickly handed her the towel.



"I-I don't mind. If that's what you want, master."

"Does that mean I can wash everything?"

"Yes. This body belongs to master."



　Her eyes were moist.



　I knew it too. A female slave offers herself in many ways.

　She must have been prepared for this moment from the moment she was bought.



　He flicks Kaede's forehead.



"Ade."

"I'll think about it when I grow up a bit."

"Master~"



　He was holding his forehead and had tears in his eyes.

　Was it a shock or was it painful?



　Unfortunately I'm not hungry enough to have a child.



　There are irrational wolves and rational wolves in this world.

　I live my life believing it to be the latter.



　I washed my body and left the shower room.







"Is it okay to cut it off like that?"

"yes"



　Kaede was fidgety as she sat in her chair.



　I'm going to cut her hair now.

　After washing it thoroughly, it was smooth and silky.



　She said she cut her own bangs, so I'll take care of the back.



　She cut off her white hair, which reached down to her hips, shortly after reaching her waist.

　They asked me to keep it to this extent, so I think I was able to meet their request.



　Personally, I think she could cut it a little shorter, but she seems to prefer long hair, so I don't say anything unnecessary.

　Well, Kaede is cute, so I think she'd look good with hair either long or short.



　Snap!



　Kaede took the scissors and cut her bangs off just below her eyebrows.



　Large, bright golden eyes appeared.



"I had no idea she was such a beautiful girl."

"My hands are going haywire."



　Her face is red and her hands are trembling as she tries to cut the side of her hair.

　It seems like it's not a good idea to praise someone at this time.



　When she finished, she was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen.



　It looks delicate and ephemeral, like a white jewel.



　She was a beauty that would undoubtedly make all ten people turn their heads.



"Hmm? It looks like there's still more to cut."

"That's an ear."



　There were two bulges on the top of his head.

　When you touch it, it twitches.



　So I had a serious question.



　Why does he have animal ears, yet also human ears?



　Let's ask that question.



"I don't know the exact reason either, but one theory is that the god who created the Beast Tribe loved animal ears very much. At the same time, he also seemed reluctant to throw away human ears, so he chose to keep them."

"Is this God's hobby?"

"Apparently."



　I don't know... maybe it's cloudy.

　The rabbit tribe and the cat tribe are cute.



　But gods are pretty mundane.



　After getting her hair cut, Kaede looks tired and goes to bed.

　It's still not perfect.

　I regret having pushed him too hard today.



"Master, today was so much fun."

"That's good then. Let's have fun tomorrow too."

"Yes. I'll be with you wherever you go."



　Give him medicine and then put him to sleep.

　As soon as she closed her eyes she fell asleep.



　I feel like we've gotten a lot closer just today.



　At this rate, he'll be a good adventure partner.



　I sat down on a chair and drew my great sword.



"It's about time I sharpen it again. I've been pushing myself too hard."



　Snap.



　An unpleasant sound echoes.



　However, the source of the sound wasn't me, but the sword.



　Squeak, sniff, sniff. Brrrr, roar.



　The blade broke in half and fell to the floor.



　Suddenly, something catches my eye.



"My, my beloved sword..."



　I guess I was pushing myself too hard after all.

　With this sword he cut down countless enemies, even a dragon.



　That backlash has now taken shape.



　He quietly put the handle down on the table and held his head.



　I loved it. It broke.

　I'll have to find a new sword soon.



　Then I suddenly realize something.



"Perhaps one of the reasons is that she couldn't withstand my current power."



　It's possible. Normally, it's hard to imagine that a steel sword could withstand the power of a level 300 sword.

　In fact, it was a miracle that it didn't break right after defeating the dragon.



　I need to get a better weapon.



　A superior weapon that can withstand my current strength.